However, tesco will be for it again
Welcome to you
to one against one on ischia too
synchronize
6 5 4 3 2
By the way, as the last one, we bso by the way
are here also in the stream
we're listening to over 70 right now
spectators and the majority wanted
yes live commentary stop in
See livestream from me
That makes it easy for the opponent
also seems to be pretty good
hey we said without hand grenades you have
he did not listen to me ump well earned
with a full coat I just see oh my
god decker good yes i use that too
the farmers to shit with red visor
but if I have someone one against one
I play mostly with farmers
and bad you fight he has not
what a fucked up shit man is
very well
hey hey that will be the topic
by fucking a shirt
headshot in the pear against pear where yes
the job I have so good now seems
it was definitely something like that
I wanted to say but relaxation
back to the data factually but that
is not solemn man is that one
opponent you can cover well without jokes
respect yes you play that is too
someone here from the audience just watching
I just wrote a message
I just invited him
there is really nice to see him
you can gamble two kids have leap
shit man that gets stuck
Ok, now it's time to open now
I have no rafik djebbour at
he shit man with his ump
crap
without that is so ok you can do everything
lose headshot wolbeck
it should be me too
Yesterday but do not care when are you
we do not do well 59 cents
ok now users neither the 16
if I did not go crazy well
Here we do not just come this way
that actually pulled
I shot before
that is not normal anymore
okay I thought so but
was up there or so good i hope
that I caught
20:15 I won the senior
I forgot to comment yes was easy
as the procedure as we are told
here in the livestream the majority
wanted to hold one against one thing
I will upload to youtube later
well, yes, I actually have
synchronized I think so yes
I did exactly that until then
was